The code would output 0 1 2 nil on separate lines. The .times method counts up from zero, and passes numbers to the block one by one. The parameter `sheep` is assigned to the number passed to the block, and is ouput 3 times, based on the conditional `if sheep >=2 return`. The nil is output because the return of the `count_sheep` method invocation is passed as an argument to the p method, outputting nil. 

The code outputs 5 5 4 2 and the returns are 4 on line 1, 2 on line 2, 2 from the .times method and nil nil from `puts a` and `puts b`. The code overall demonstrates variable shadowing. Local Variable `a` is assigned to 4 on line 1, and then `a` is used as a parameter on line 5, shadowing the local variable in the main scope. 

`.count` treats the blocks return value as a counter. The block would return true or false based on the criteria written within the block. Every time the block returns true, `.count` ads `1` to the total and returns the final number after each element in the array has been examined. We can find out how .count treats the return value of the block by putting the code into irb and examining the return, or by reading the ruby docs 

The code on line 47 `if sunshine` and the code on line 45 `  sunshine = ['true', 'false'].sample` are the reasons the the method `predict weather` will output  `"Today's weather will be sunny!"` everytime. The objects `'true'` and `'false'` are string objects and not booleans, so they will always evaluate as truthy. So regardless of which the local variable sunshine gets assigned to, `sunshine` will always evaluate as truthy then execute under the conditional.

The return value of the .map method invocation will be `[nil, "bear']`. .map is used to transform elements, and the block elaborates how they are transformed. The contents of the caller are passed to the block, and a new array is returned. The conditional if on line 59 evaluates, and then value returns true for bear. For 'ant', the conditioanl evaluates as false, and the return value is nil. .map always returns an array of the same length that is passed to it, in this example the array is from the values of the caller hash. So, the .map method call returns an array of the values transformed by the block, [nil, "bear"].

The code will print 1 everytime it is invoked. On line 69, `if true` will always evaluate as true, as it is the boolean true. Then the local variable number is assigned the integer object 1, and the return value of that is also the integer object 1. on line 76 the return value of the `tricky number` method invocation is passed to the puts method, printing 1.

The code throws an error messege TypeError (no implicit conversion of nil into String) because the arrays on line 93 have different lengths. the local variable colors is a 8 element array, and the local variable things is a 7 element array. On the 8th pass, `thing[i]` result in nil because there is no 8th element in the array, (index 7). nil cannot be converted into a string by the puts method, and throws the error. This could be fixed by changing line 90 `break if i > colors.length` to `break if i > things.length` or adding an extra element to the array object assigned to things.

The code returns 0 from the assigned of local variable counter to 0, and returns 0 on the next line with local variable sum being assigned to 0. The loop method returns nil. The final return is nil from the puts method invocation on line 117. The puts method invocation on line 117 is passed a string `"Your total is #{sum}"` with string interpolation. The local variable sum is assigned to the integer object 10 in the loop method on lines 111-115. The code outputs `Your total is 10`. The concepts at work here are reassignment, variable scope and return vs output.

The local variablw `a` is assigned to the array object ['a', 'b', 'c'] on line 127. The method invocation on a is non mutating, and a is no reassigned to the return value. The .map method on line 124 is non mutating, so return a new object instead of mutating its caller. if we changed the .map on line 124 in the method definition for `test` to .map!, then local variable a would be mutated on line 128 to `["I like the letter: a", "I like the letter: b", "I like the letter: c"]`.    This is a demonstration of how ruby can appear to use pass by reference and pass by value at different times. With the non-mutating .map, ruby appears to use pass by value as the local variable in the main scope is not affected. if we use .map!, ruby appears to use pass by reference as the local variable in the main scope can be affected.

The code outputs `3` from the  puts method invocation on line 141 and outputs `5` from the method invocation on line 142. The code returns nil after each puts method invocation. The code also returns `:plus` from the method definition on line 134. The code is a good demontration of the difference between method definition and method invocation. The definition of the `plus` method on line 134 returns a symbol `:plus`, but the method invocation of the `plus` method on line 139 returns the integer `5`.

The local variables `s` and `t` are both assigned to the string object `'HELLO!'` after all the code is run. The reason is that the method define on line 148 is a mutating method. `s` is assigned to `'hello'` on line 154, and passed as an argument to the method `fix` on line 155. This mutates the object the variable is assigned to, and then the local variable `t` is assigned the return value of the method invocation, which is the mutated object that `s` points to. This is a good demonstration of variables as pointers and mutating methods, as well as a demonstration of ruby appearing to act as if using pass by reference.

The return value of the .each_with_object method invocation on line 161 is `{"a"=>"ant", "b"=>"bear", "c"=>"cat"}`. .each_with_object functions differently than each. With .each, the return value is the called object. .each_with_object allows an argument on an object ( [],{}) and populates it based on the blocks return value. The object passed as an argument in the method invocation on line 161 is `{}`, and the parameters are the elements of the caller, and the argument object. `hash[value[0]] = value` in the block on line 162 initializes key value pairs in the hash, and passes the return to .each_with_object, which returns the hash object {"a"=>"ant", "b"=>"bear", "c"=>"cat"}.

The code returns an empty array. The reason is how .select works. On line 171, the local variable `new_array` is assigned the return value of the method invocation on lines 171 to 174. .select considers the truthyness of the return value of its block. .select returns an array of the objects based on the truthyness of the blocks return value. If the return evaluates as true, the object will be added to the array, if the return evaluates as false, the object will not be added. The last expression within the block, on line 173 is a invocation of the method puts, which always returns nil and evaluates as false. So, no objects are added to the returned array. THe code does however output n on each iteration, so 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 are output on different lines. The reason they are not all increminted by 1 is that n is not reassigned on line 172. The code could be changed to `n += 1` if that is the desired effect. This demonstates the concept of truthyness, and puts vs return.

The code does not produce the expected output because of the .map method, invoked on line 192. The .map method always returns an array the same length as the caller. The .select method would be more appropriate here, as it selects items in the caller based on the truthyness of the return value of the block. In this case, the even numbers would return true and the odd numbers would return false. .select would then return an array of only the even numbers. The code as it exists now assigned the return value of the .map method to the local variable `even_numbers` and on line 196, the local variable `even_numbers` is passed to the p method, outputting an array identical to the original array assigned to the local variable `numbers` on line 190.
The code below is how I would change the code to get the expected output.
```ruby
numbers = [5, 2, 9, 6, 3, 1, 8]

even_numbers = numbers.select do |n|
  n.even?
end

p even_numbers # expected output: [2, 6, 8]
```
The code throws an error instead of outputting anything. NameError (undefined local variable or method a' for main:Object). The reason is that in the method definition of `my_value`, the local variable a is used, but inside the method a local variable a does not exist. The only local variable in that scope is `b`. This is a demonstration of scoping for local variables. Changing the parameter `b` on line 204 to a would fix the problem, and the code would output 7.

The code output `70.599` instead of the expected balance of `238` because The .each method invoked on line 246 iterates through each element of the caller array; on line 247 `balance = calculate_balance(month)` reassignes the local variable `balance` the return of the method invocation `calculate_balance(month)` on each iteration instead of reassigning it to the return value of `calculate_balance(month)` + balance. If we change line 247 to `balance += calculate_balance(month)` we will output the expected number of 238 when we pass the local variable `balance` to the `puts` method on line 250.

The code returns 4 from the assignment of the local variable `a` to the integer object 4 on line 256, returns 2 from the assignment of the local variable `b` to the integer object 2, returns `nil` from the loop method on lines 259-263, and `nil` from  `puts` method invocations on line 265 and 257. THe code outputs 3 and 2. The concept the code demonstated is variables as pointers and scoping. Because the local variable `a` is initialized in the outerscope, it is available in the inner scope of the block for the loop method. In the block, the local variable `c` is assigned to 3, and `a` is in turn reassigned to the value of `c` (not c itself). local variable `a` now points to 3, and we see this when 3 is output by the puts method invocation, passed the argument `a` on line 256.

The error messege we receive is because the input value we get from the user on line 286 is a string, and the key in the hash we are attempting to access on line 288 is a symbol. In order to have the expected result we need to call .to_sym on input on line 288, or add it to the method chain on line 286. 

.each_with_object is passes each key-value pair as an array to the block. In the block, the .last method is called on each element passed to the block, and returns what was the value (as its the last element of the passed array). The return value is then added to the array object passed as an argument to .each_with_object. The return value of the .each_with_object here is a new array `["ant", "bear", "cat"]`
The following code prints 7 on line 312 when the puts method is invoked as a is passed as an argument. On line 309, we might expect a to be incrimented by 1 for each iteration of the .each method, but that is not the case. Variable shadowing occurs when we use a as a parameter for the ,each method call's block. The variable `a` in the block is not the same object as the local variable `a` in the outerscope. If we change the parameter a one line 308 to anything other than `a`, we will get an output of 10 instead. 

On line 323, instead of adding bowser to the array of dogs, the value of the key :dogs is reassigned to 'bowser. To add bowser to the array object that is the value of :dogs, we need to access the array by changing `pets[:dog] = 'bowser'` to`pets[:dog] << 'bowser'`